Join us on Discord here to discuss the mod or to learn more:
https://discord.gg/QDKFFdR 

Provinces and history files to quickly create a working bookmark were generated by Zombaxx using ck2maptools
https://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/threads/tools-ck2maptools-automating-some-of-the-map-generation-process.1116396/

Many of the Sci-Fi assets which are sparingly spread across the map are from the ck2 Sci-Fi full conversion mod COTC with permission from Galle the creator (who all us gave us permission to use some of his earlier work too).
https://discord.gg/DZ68Afv 

Other added features and events such as mechs were created by Rwmroy, who also added other features with permission from the following (unless they have been inactive for years, in that case and if you don't approve my apologies and please let us know.)
Sinstar- Hostage Mod, Siege Events, Visit Chamber, etc
mTA- Punishments & Executions
Sarc's blacksmith mod
Dragatus- Release vassal as tributary
Faiterial's buildings
Cipher's More Realm Laws (Army Professionalism and tax laws)
Nuubialainen- Personal Castle Mod (training yard, library events )
DaMonkey- Knights and Squires

Middle Mars direct download link Direct Download instructions:
0. Always perform a fresh install, which means deleting the previous version before updating. Unsubscribe from the mod on Steam Workshop (if applicable), then navigate to Documents->Paradox Interactive->Crusader Kings II->mod and delete the 'Middle Mars' folder.  Leave the mod folder open as we will need it again in step 3.
1. For more frequent updates download from  https://github.com/Zombaxx/MiddleMars. If proceding with Moddb instead of Git, skip to Step 3, otherwise select the green 'code' drop down menu on the right side of the Git download page, and select 'Download ZIP'.
2. (Git download only, if using Moddb proceed to Step 3) Navigate to your Downloads folder, right click the file MiddleMars.zip, and unzip using 7Zip or your program of choice (7Zip is free). Now open MiddleMars-master and you will see two files: the Middle Mars folder and .mod file.
3. Return to the mod folder located at Documents->Paradox Interactive->Crusader Kings II->mod, and copy or drag the Middle Mars folder and .mod file.
4. Enable the mod when launching ck2. 
Middle Mars steam link. If you like this mod don’t forgot to hit thumbs up on steam! https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2211762358&searchtext=

If you would like to report bugs, have ideas, want to know more about planned features, or would like to join the team please join us at https://discord.gg/QDKFFdR.

Middle Mars FAQ:

Q. Why isn't this map shaped like most Terraformed Mars maps?
A. This map uses the Azimuthal Equidistant map projection (same map projection as on the United Nations logo) centered on the south pole because most of Mars's landmass is in the southern hemisphere, while most maps in general use a mercator or equirectangular projection centered on the equator and prime meridian.
This map also has a much higher sea level than most depictions of a Terraformed Mars to make more interesting choke points.

Q.How do I get Cybernetics? 

A. Option 1. As a Grace decision through the offmap empire (requires Jade Dragon DLC)
   Option 2. Have a Cywizard in your court or as a direct vassal, have a prisoner with a cybernetic, then right click the prisoner and choose which cybernetic you would like to steal (cost decreases if you follow the Kemetic religion)


Q. How do I perform Genetic Engineering?

A. Have a Cywizard in your court or as a direct vassal, have a child or courtier less than 1 year old, then right click the child and choose which congenital trait you would like added with genetic engineering for a large amount of gold (requirements decrease with tech level, or if you follow the Altered religion).


Q. How do I create Clones?

A. Option 1. As a Grace decision through the offmap empire (requires Jade Dragon DLC), can only clone yourself this way, cannot clone courtiers.
   Option 2 (not yet implemented). Have a Cywizard in your court or as a direct vassal, right click the character you would like to clone and select the Create Clone decision. Has a higher chance of defects than the offmap decision due to using surrogates instead of VAT chambers.


Q. How do I buy a Mech?

A. Either be the Spacer religion, have a liege of the Spacer religion, or have an independent neighbor of the Spacer religion. The decision will then be available in the intrigue decisions menu.


Q. How do I not lose health when using a Mech?

A. You need the Spacer Physiology, Heavy Worlder, genius, or strong trait, otherwise it takes a toll on your health the first time you plug into a Mech.


Q. Why are Mechs so expensive?

A. There is no infrastructure to maintain them on Mars, which makes the cost of keeping them functional astronomical. They are extremely OP to make up for this (they have special battle events in additional to their blanket bonuses), and will be further balanced in future updates.

***The Random World setting is not currently working, for Random World please view https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2141054451 .